Create 2025-05-08-open-attachments-with-browser-isolation.mdx (#22364)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/email-security/2025-05-08-open-attachments-with-browser-isolation.mdx

---
title: Open email attachments with Browser Isolation
description: A new attachment section in Email Security allows you to safely open attachments to view and investigate.
date: 2025-05-08T19:20:11Z

> products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - browser-isolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Open email attachments with Browser Isolation
description: A new attachment section in Email Security allows you to safely open attachments to view and investigate.
date: 2025-05-08T19:20:11Z
products:
  - browser-isolation
---

> What’s new:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now safely open email attachments to view and investigate them.
```

> When investigating a message, you will now see a new **Attachments** section. Here, you can view processed attachments and their classifications (for example, _Malicious_, _Suspicious_, _Encrypted_). Next to each attachment, a **Browser Isolation** icon allows your team to safely open the file in a **clientless, isolated browser** with no risk to the analyst or your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What this means is that messages now have a **Attachments** section. Here, you can view processed attachments and their classifications (for example, _Malicious_, _Suspicious_, _Encrypted_). Next to each attachment, a **Browser Isolation** icon allows your team to safely open the file in a **clientless, isolated browser** with no risk to the analyst or your environment.
```

To use this feature, you must:

- Enable **Clientless Web Isolation** in your Zero Trust settings.
- Have **Browser Isolation (BISO)** seats assigned.

> **Setup guide:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [Clientless Browser Isolation Setup](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/clientless-browser-isolation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to our [setup guide](/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/clientless-browser-isolation/).
```

---

> title: Open up Email Attachments with Browser Isolation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Open email attachments with Browser Isolation
```

> description: A new attachment section in email security allows you to safely open up attachments to view and investigate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: A new attachment section in Email Security allows you to safely open attachments to view and investigate.
```

> date: 2025-05-08T19:20:11Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2025-05-08T19:20:11Z
products:
  - browser-isolation
```

Reviewer: You'd want to add additional products here b/c this touches more than one.

Author: This doesnt touch BISO and shouldnt be in the changelog. BISO has been able to open attachments for a while we are simply using it in email. Best not to confuse customers.

---

> ## What’s New

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What’s new:
```

> When investigating a message, you will now see a new **Attachments** section. Here, you can view processed attachments and their classifications (e.g., _Malicious_, _Suspicious_, _Encrypted_). Next to each attachment, a **Browser Isolation** icon allows your team to safely open the file in a **clientless, isolated browser** with no risk to the analyst or your environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When investigating a message, you will now see a new **Attachments** section. Here, you can view processed attachments and their classifications (for example, _Malicious_, _Suspicious_, _Encrypted_). Next to each attachment, a **Browser Isolation** icon allows your team to safely open the file in a **clientless, isolated browser** with no risk to the analyst or your environment.
```

> ## How to Enable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

To use this feature, you must:

> - Enable **Clientless Web Isolation** in their Zero Trust settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable **Clientless Web Isolation** in your Zero Trust settings.
```

- Have **Browser Isolation (BISO)** seats assigned.

**Setup guide:**  
[Clientless Browser Isolation Setup](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/clientless-browser-isolation/)

> ## Limitations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Some attachment types may not render in Browser Isolation. If you see a file type that you would like to see be opened with browser isolation please reach out to your Cloudflare contact. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some attachment types may not render in Browser Isolation. If there is a file type that you would like to be opened with Browser Isolation, reach out to your Cloudflare contact. 
```

> ## Availability

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
